AI #2359: Add Actor (`Consumer ID` and `Principal ID`) columns to `Cost and Usage` dataset (#2360)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/appendix/appendix_overview.md

| Topic | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| [Discount Handling](#appendix.discounthandling) | Explains how discounts are represented and applied to charges in a FOCUS dataset. |

> | [Examples: Actor Attribution](#appendix.examples:actorattribution) | Illustrates how Principal ID is populated across different technology categories, including where the party that benefits from a charge differs from the principal. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Examples: Actor Attribution](#appendix.examples:actorattribution) | Illustrates how Principal ID and Credential ID are populated across different technology categories, including where a charge carries one identifier but not the other, and where the party that benefits from a charge differs from the principal. |
```

Reviewer 2: Applied, with one change. The row says neither column identifies the party that benefits from a charge, rather than that the beneficiary differs from the principal, which matches the Attribution Roles wording in the appendix. The row now also reads "technology environments" instead of "technology categories", matching the phrase the appendix conventions section uses.
